Update BECOMING_A_CORE_CONTRIBUTOR.md (#11337)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: .github/BECOMING_A_CORE_CONTRIBUTOR.md

# How to become a core contributor

Thanks for your interest in joining the Lightning team! We’re a rapidly growing project which is poised to become the go-to framework for DL researchers!

As a core maintainer, you will have a strong say in the direction of the project. Big changes will require a majority of maintainers to agree.

> Our development is fully open, so you can also raise your voice just by commenting on issues and pull requests! Doing so is a big step in becoming part of core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our development is fully open, so even you are not core yet you can still raise your voice just by commenting on issues and pull requests! Doing so is a big step in becoming part of core.
```

Here, we describe general expectations from core contributors:

### Github issues

- Help users so they have an amazing experience. Issues range from questions from new people getting into DL to questions from researchers about doing something esoteric with Lightning.
  They often require some sort of bug fix, document clarification, or new functionality to be scoped out. You can help them solve their issues and guide them to completion.

- To weigh in on discussions in a timely fashion. Most importantly, on the RFCs (request for comments) that will shape the future of Lightning.
  There are some big decisions which the project must make. For these, we expect core contributors to have something meaningful to add, especially if it’s their area of expertise.

- Propose your own RFCs that align with the API design goals for Lightning.

- Can abstract from an issue or bug into functionality that might solve other related issues or make the framework more flexible.

- Don’t make users feel like they don’t know what they’re doing. We’re here to help and to make everyone’s experience delightful.

- Help out with critical bugs. Nobody likes bugs so you'll be a hero if you fix them!

> ### Pull requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Pull requests (PRs)
```

> - Pull requests are the evolutionary mechanism of Lightning, so quality is extremely important. Make sure contributors adhere to the guidelines described in the [contributing section](CONTRIBUTING.md#Pull-request).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pull requests are the evolutionary mechanism of Lightning, so quality is extremely important. Make sure contributors adhere to the guidelines described in the [contributing section](CONTRIBUTING.md#Pull-request).
Even you are not yet core, you can still read, comment, and mark your reviewer's decision. It will much boost our review process and also show us your good work.
```

> - Some other PRs are for people who want to get involved and add something unnecessary. We do want their help though! So don’t approve the PR, but direct them to a Github issue that they might be interested in helping with instead!

Reviewer: that sounds strange, why do we want something unnecessary? does it mean the same as useless?

Author: Reworded

- Provide strong and valuable feedback during reviews. This is expected both when reviewing community PRs as well as PRs from other core contributors.

### Diversity

Lightning should reflect the broader community it serves. As such we should have scientists/researchers from different fields contributing!

### Community

> We have an active Slack community, where questions are asked daily. This is a great way to show off your Lightning and PyTorch knowledge, and help out others.

Reviewer 2: should we embed slack link here?
and also mention GH discussions?

## Applying

There are no precise targets for becoming a core contributor. In the past, community members have become core after fitting the previous expectations consistently.
We are on the lookout for new people to join, however, if you feel like you meet the expectations already and we haven't reached out to you yet, feel free to ping us privately on [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/pytorch-lightning/shared_invite/zt-pw5v393p-qRaDgEk24~EjiZNBpSQFgQ)!.

## Employment

> You can also become a [Grid.ai](https://www.grid.ai) employee and work full-time on Lightning. To get started, you can email `careers@grid.ai` with your resume or check out our [open job postings](https://boards.greenhouse.io/gridai).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also become a [Grid.ai](https://www.grid.ai) employee or intern and work full-time on Lightning. To get started, you can email `careers@grid.ai` with your resume or check out our [open job postings](https://boards.greenhouse.io/gridai).
```

Reviewer 2: or part-time?

Author: I'll remove the `full-time` reference

## Responsibilities:

Here, we describe general expectations from core contributors:

### Github issues

> - Help users so they have an amazing experience. Issues range from questions from new people getting into DL to questions from researchers about doing something esoteric with Lightning.
>   They often require some sort of bug fix, document clarification, or new functionality to be scoped out. You can help them solve their issues and guide them to completion.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The Lightning community is at the center and the reason for our work. Helping them so they have an amazing experience is a core contributor priority. Issues range from questions from new people getting into DL to questions from researchers about doing something esoteric with Lightning.
  They often require some sort of bug fix, document clarification, or new functionality to be scoped out. You can help them solve their issues and guide them to completion. 
```

> - To weigh in on discussions in a timely fashion. Most importantly, on the RFCs (request for comments) that will shape the future of Lightning.

Reviewer 4: There's something missing here :)

Author: What is?

Reviewer 4: The first sentence doesn't make sense to me. Do you mean that github issues are meant for that?

Author: Above it says:

> Here, we describe general expectations from core contributors:

then one of these expectations is:

> To weight in on discussions...

If you think this is confusing, feel free to suggest changes or commit directly!

Author: Perhaps this?

```suggestion
- Weigh in on discussions in a timely fashion. Most importantly, on the RFCs (request for comments) that will shape the future of Lightning.
```

>   There are some big decisions which the project must make. For these, we expect core contributors to have something meaningful to add, especially if it’s their area of expertise.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  There are some big decisions which the project must make. For these, we expect core contributors to have something meaningful to add, especially if it’s their area of expertise. 
```

Author: Mmm what did you intend to suggest? I don't see any changes other than an added space after the period

- Propose your own RFCs that align with the API design goals for Lightning.

> - Can abstract from an issue or bug into functionality that might solve other related issues or make the framework more flexible.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Identify opportunities from an issue or bug that can solve other related issues or make the framework more flexible.
```
